Feb 13, 2026
Jeremy Lim and Samuel Chong - Transcript
00:00:36
 
Samuel C: Jeremy.
Jeremy Lim: Hi. Hi. Sorry, I think.
Samuel C: Hello. Hello. All good. All good.
Jeremy Lim: How are you?
Samuel C: Good. Good. Good. I'm in Hong Kong now actually.
Jeremy Lim: You still in Hong Kong with me?
Samuel C: I see how you you were there as well.
Jeremy Lim: I just got back last night.
Samuel C: Okay. I missed you then.
Jeremy Lim: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: No,
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: no worries.
Samuel C: I stay another day.
Jeremy Lim: I'm so packed with meetings.
Samuel C: Yeah. I was just back to back meetings as I only went to the main conference for 15 minutes.
Jeremy Lim: I didn't even go to the main conference.
Samuel C: We didn't even go.
Jeremy Lim: Just had meetings with clients.
Samuel C: That's the most productive. Yeah. I had to stay one more day because I have a couple more meetings with some locals here.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah.
 
 
00:02:53
 
Samuel C: I'll be flying to Malaysia tomorrow morning.
Jeremy Lim: Okay. Are you based in Singapore or Malaysia?
Samuel C: I'm just in Singapore. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: Okay. So, client say Malaysia,
Samuel C: Uh going to Malaysia for for Chinese New Year.
Jeremy Lim: I guess. Ah, okay. Okay. Okay.
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Then end of the month I'll be in uh Japan for Japan print
Jeremy Lim: Give me a second.
Samuel C: week.
Jeremy Lim: Oh, I see trouble quite a
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. So I give a quick background.
Jeremy Lim: bit.
Samuel C: So I'm the institutional relations lead at Lido. Uh and Lido only has uh one person here. Okay. So two person. One is the CMO and uh and and one is me uh in Asia. So I have to cover the whole of Asia and then Australia and then by right I'm supposed to cover the Mina region as well. But I don't have time at all.
 
 
00:03:38
 
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. So I as part of my role I I speak to a lot of uh you know custodians such as yourselves on like how we can uh work close more closely together on um you know growing the uh instaking uh market uh together. uh centralized exchanges, Ethereum ETF uh ETP issuers, even DAP companies and more recently family officers, asset managers have also started reaching out to explore what they can do uh more efficiently with their
Jeremy Lim: Mhm.
Samuel C: ETH on hand uh and also to explore, you know, building product on top of uh of steam. Yeah. So, um I've actually been contributing with Lidle over the past two years as well. I've been helping them to build their community of Ethereum node operators in Asia. Uh I myself am an Ethereum uh solo st. So I run validator nurse from home.
Jeremy Lim: Give me one second. Huh?
Samuel C: All
Jeremy Lim: Sorry. My boss texting me non-stop.
Samuel C: right.
Jeremy Lim: I have back toback meetings from from now till like 600, I think.
 
 
00:04:43
 
Jeremy Lim: Uh yeah. Uh I think okay first I think it's really nice to meet you. I think when we are in Singapore we definitely can meet. Uh I I do know that you have the we have the the uh ST on our on our offering.
Samuel C: Yes. Correct. Correct.
Jeremy Lim: Uh and I think from a from that point of view if there any
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: other um any other products that we can we should take a look at I mean I'm always all I think I can share with you. I be I'm very upfront with all my partners right that I speak to. Oh and anyway just an introduction of myself as well.
Samuel C: Yeah,
Jeremy Lim: So sorry I forgot about that. Uh so I cover strategy and partnerships uh here at SEU. I've been here for 6 months. Uh before that 10 years in trap mostly banking, asset management, that kind of space. All the usual names I've been there.
Samuel C: right.
Jeremy Lim: Uh but I think at least uh and also sorry I forgive me for all the for being so direct cuz I think uh I'm packed today by another day we can hang out because I only have a very hard 30
 
 
00:05:35
 
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. No worries.
Jeremy Lim: minutes. uh but one of the things that I think Sepho faces or when I looked at when I really looked at staking on our platform usually we don't have good uptakes and I don't know whether it's
Samuel C: Yep.
Jeremy Lim: because that we are always seo has been later to the game like means other custodians offer it and then we offer it late or it's just that maybe the the the returns are not
Samuel C: Yep.
Jeremy Lim: sexy enough for anyone to take a look now you know I mean I'm not sure exactly why uh so we have on we have
Samuel C: Yep. Yep.
Jeremy Lim: onboarded a few staking projects after you which was I think
Samuel C: Provided
Jeremy Lim: Valta saw and Ada or something or something else but at least when I look at it right I don't see any uptake with our clients so I'm not sure whether is it a education thing or is it just that clients are not so keen uh or I I don't know right like I think that's the problem I'm facing right it would be great to have this call with you and say hey we have like 100 million in in in your product right and I think the challenge I have
 
 
00:06:34
 
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: is I don't know why there's no uptake uh And the person who been pushing for all these staking
Samuel C: Right.
Jeremy Lim: was Juanita who's the previous front office uh lead she has left and kind of I look at
Samuel C: Right.
Jeremy Lim: all the different partnerships now like so be it with for staking be it for like let's say any
Samuel C: Yes.
Jeremy Lim: other new product or uh yeah it kind of goes through me uh and that's where I don't know whether it's the same
Samuel C: Yeah, I see.
Jeremy Lim: with your clients elsewhere or is it just SEU that's not so
Samuel C: Yep. Yep. Uh I think you guys are one of the ones with uh a lower amount. There are some custodians with with large inflows. Um yeah. So I'm I'm also, you know, here to figure out with you that you know what we can do to help you guys. uh uh increase your market share for for providing this staking service. Yeah. And of course, you know, if there's anything off the top of your mind that you've heard from your clients that they want or they are looking to understand better what liquid stating can do for them, um happy to you know run even like a webinar for them, you know, and navigation drive all that stuff.
 
 
00:07:41
 
Samuel C: Uh if you want to do like cool BD stuff, I'm happy to do it as well. So these are some of the things that we can do. Um for a start right for settle what what is your main uh what is your most in demand feature that you see from your clients
Jeremy Lim: to be honest.
Samuel C: other than custody
Jeremy Lim: So uh actually if you I mean then it will be our oes right so all the clients come with us to for oes to binance
Samuel C: across
Jeremy Lim: and now cool coin uh so we have two two models one of them is the uh like mirror x which is the really
Samuel C: right?
Jeremy Lim: the oes solution the other one is for uh which is mirror reserve is actually mainly targeted
Samuel C: Yep.
Jeremy Lim: at tokens that are not supported on the exchange but we still give them collateral on the exchange or like binance will still recognize their collateral so for example rwas uh Benji budo uh
Samuel C: Okay. Right.
Jeremy Lim: USDO and USYC. These are our four RWAS now.
 
 
00:08:30
 
Jeremy Lim: Uh and then if a client wants to, they can hold these assets,
Samuel C: Okay.
Jeremy Lim: gets the get the 4% deal and then still mirror it uh collateral, use it as collateral. I can't say mirror collateral to uh Binance and do futures and
Samuel C: Yeah. Oh, interesting.
Jeremy Lim: margins.
Samuel C: That's actually interesting. So, for example, for Steve, right, could you do it as well? And at what kind of LTV or margin haircut would you do it
Jeremy Lim: Uh so we could but I in terms of
Samuel C: at?
Jeremy Lim: LTV like SLmargin uh is something that I have to check with
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: Binance because or like the exchange is giving it because we are the platform right so if the exchange so is there so if
Samuel C: Sure. Yeah. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: you have clients with uh with your staking product right now and get the representative tokens and you think there they want to trade on the exchanges that we have now which is
Samuel C: Are you taking
 
 
00:09:20
 
Jeremy Lim: Binance Binance mainly like KO you haven't agreed this model with them yet then I get a
Samuel C: it?
Jeremy Lim: request through you or through your clients that they will park the assets in SEU and we'll give them the mirroring we usually when I have a AU committed or rough target then it's something that I can speak to Binance team about and see whether they are willing to give uh at what margins uh and usually the general one is like how much money are you going to put in or your clients are going to put in if you can if you want us to
Samuel C: Tell me
Jeremy Lim: accept uh ST as collateral for example.
Samuel C: I see. I see. So for all exchange and settlement only Binance for now will be soon.
Jeremy Lim: Okay. So, so,
Samuel C: Um.
Jeremy Lim: so as of now, Mirror X which is the the really the mirroring it.
Samuel C: Ah. Okay. Okay. Only the Ming part.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah. So,
Samuel C: Yeah.
 
 
00:10:08
 
Jeremy Lim: that one is cool coin and Binance is active now.
Samuel C: Okay. Got it.
Jeremy Lim: uh we give spot margin and futures but for the collateral management of the exchange of the tokens that are not
Samuel C: Got it. Got it. Got it.
Jeremy Lim: on the exchanges then we go through mirror reserve which is a as good as a loan
Samuel C: Right. Right. And Mirror Reserve is live only on Binance.
Jeremy Lim: uh yes for now because we just connected to cool coin 3 weeks ago so I think it will be works for discussion but it's
Samuel C: I see.
Jeremy Lim: always driven by use cases from our clients so if a client a big client says I got x I got x amount of tokens are worth this I want to have collateral on Binance or cool coin. Can you help me go talk to them and see whether it's done? Usually when I get this kind of demand, I can go and push the exchange, right? I I can't push them to list,
 
 
00:10:51
 
Samuel C: Got
Jeremy Lim: but I can push them to recognize collateral uh and the assets of the state in SEU.
Samuel C: it.
Jeremy Lim: So,
Samuel C: I
Jeremy Lim: I think I don't know whether there will be more use cases for you because you can see all your clients uh not just the custodians,
Samuel C: see.
Jeremy Lim: right? So the the so the selling point from your perspective would be if they hold your tokens right now your representative tokens they get let's say the 2 point something or 3% APY right so for RWA is about 3.6 six
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: or four around there.
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: But when they trade and then they can make even more out of it in a sense.
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. Correct. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so there are already institutions who want to do something like this and I just had a meeting with them.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah.
Samuel C: So they're like a large phase fund and they are now starting to explore using SE as collateral um either directly on exchanges to for delta neutral position say like funding arbitrage.
 
 
00:11:37
 
Jeremy Lim: Sure.
Samuel C: Yeah. The other way is for them to collaterize the borrow stables against it and then use these stables as collateral trading collateral that is.
Jeremy Lim: Uh so um I'm not sure whether mirror reserve can is very
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: friendly to delta neutral to be very honest because I had a few clients that tried to do it and they are
Samuel C: Right.
Jeremy Lim: not uh I think they found it a little bit difficult because it's a loan model and you and I think the spreads are quite thin. So for uh mirror reserve you kind of still have to pay for portfolio margin right so you kind of eat up your a bit
Samuel C: Oh.
Jeremy Lim: of your uh your cost right so I think for for spot trading it will be easier for most clients because you don't have to pay the margin of like 3 4%. But of course if you see it really gives some uh returns then you kind of it off uh of course happy to to also bring in my client solutions team or my front office to have this conversation with the client as well
 
 
00:12:30
 
Samuel C: Good
Jeremy Lim: to see whether it makes sense.
Samuel C: set.
Jeremy Lim: Uh but in general I think uh yeah I mean I'm always open and trust me if I can have price putting more into your your products or any of my sticking products it will work wonders for me as well. I have like six or seven projects with no AU at all which is a bit annoying you know what I mean but but it is what
Samuel C: Jesus.
Jeremy Lim: it is right so to be honest right now since I've came six months ago and three four months ago I made a call to the front office and to the product team and said hey we will only do it if we really get like demand right because I don't want to waste my product their efforts to connect to new staking products and always never get the the the AU right a client service a client front office will say hey I got ABC client they want this product this 100 million by the time I I take to integrate it three four months later the client will have gone to somebody else another custodian that put it inside right so I I realize for staking at least for new ones it's
 
 
00:13:22
 
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: either I'm the first or I don't do at all cuz you know it's not worth the time right uh but for for likes of
Samuel C: Right. Right. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: yourself who are already uh let's no I mean not for sure you're in
Samuel C: Already integrated. You're in a good position.
Jeremy Lim: a good position but I I like let's try to find a use case I mean I can you can you can ask me some questions or you can share me some insights what what the other clients are doing with uh I mean other than putting in your project what other use cases because if I can apply the same I think we win right I have a big pool of clients and they're mostly inst I think
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: if you read our bio you know the client the type of clients but I need to find a use case to give them so that they can put it inside
 
 
00:13:59
 
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: like I don't know maybe because maybe if they only have e and they don't put it in here but they they rather mirror it on
Samuel C: What's your
Jeremy Lim: on Binance and do their trades then okay but is there a way to find an in between or or find I don't know
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: some solutions or if your clients are looking for collateral on Binance because you're the only one who's connected then maybe there's another stream in then I can use it as a use case to push. So I mean that really depends on you because I I don't want to steal other people's clients but if you have the best use case then okay go for it.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: Uh but always happy to have a chat uh for ideas.
Samuel C: Thank you. Thank you. So um other than than Lido rare are they are you guys integrated with any other Ethereum staking providers?
Jeremy Lim: I mean I can I have Figment and Brock Damon.
Samuel C: I see. And they don't have any uh any AU as well for their staking
 
 
00:14:48
 
Jeremy Lim: No, no, to be honest, to be very fair,
Samuel C: site.
Jeremy Lim: I don't have any other E but you right. I mean I can connect to them uh if I want to put on.
Samuel C: Oh, you can connect them by Right. Right.
Jeremy Lim: Yes.
Samuel C: Right. I see.
Jeremy Lim: Like like I I've unofficially put a hot stock to new staking product.
Samuel C: I see.
Jeremy Lim: So if you see our staking that's all we have is that's all we have. If if you the only one on Ethereum three months ago giving a staking option,
Samuel C: I see it.
Jeremy Lim: it is still you're the only one.
Samuel C: Okay. Okay. Cool.
Jeremy Lim: But let me let me let me just let me just double check because I have the guide somewhere.
Samuel C: So, uh,
Jeremy Lim: Hold on.
Samuel C: yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. And Jeremy,
Jeremy Lim: Uh yes.
Samuel C: so so what I'm hearing is that you'll be our main PC moving
 
 
00:15:23
 
Jeremy Lim: Uh yes,
Samuel C: forward.
Jeremy Lim: in the way. Who do you used to speak to last time?
Samuel C: Okay.
Jeremy Lim: Oh, she's gone already.
Samuel C: It wasn't me. It was uh it was Shan. Um I also joined you know um more than 3 months ago uh on the institutional side. So previously I was on the on the operator side of the of
Jeremy Lim: Okay. I Okay,
Samuel C: the Oh,
Jeremy Lim: we have WB Beth as well to be very honest, but that's for the Binance one,
Samuel C: the finance the finance one.
Jeremy Lim: but we only have these two,
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: right? So,
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: generally for co storage is only yours and co storage which is a qualified wallet is also where we use mirror reserve which is the collateral one.
Samuel C: I see. Okay.
Jeremy Lim: So actually it it fits perfectly well if you have clients who want to use uh Seth and use a
Samuel C: Okay.
Jeremy Lim: collateral on Binance then you it won't you won't clash with the the Binance one because Binance one they they put put it in the prime wallet which is the mirror reserve wallet uh no mirror mirror X wallet and your product will be for mirror reserve because it's not recognized on on Binance so you'll be a separate group of clients you won't I won't like yeah you won't
 
 
00:16:16
 
Samuel C: Got it.
Jeremy Lim: clash yeah uh there's
Samuel C: Sorry. Mirror X is more efficient than mirror.
Jeremy Lim: plus and minus I would say mirror X in a sense efficiency probably yes uh but is
Samuel C: Okay.
Jeremy Lim: also omnibus account so the clients uh will not be able to see like if you have clients who want their own
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: segregated and onchain transparency then they have to use the qualified wallet/ mirror reserve because there are a lot of funds that want their own wallet to for for their clients to check at any one point
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: how much they are they have so then that one has to use mirror reserve and qualified wallet which is where
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: your uh where Lido is in terms of is
Samuel C: Okay.
Jeremy Lim: taking
Samuel C: And and are you saying WB is not on mirror reserve or can they be also be on M
Jeremy Lim: as of now.
Samuel C: reserve?
Jeremy Lim: No.
Samuel C: Oh, okay.
Jeremy Lim: So if you if you if you bring a client in right now and they they want to use mirror reserve.
 
 
00:17:07
 
Samuel C: Interesting.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah. To be honest, if you bring your client in, you bring stuff, I won't go pitch them Bance to move it out. You bring in the client, give it to you. Very I'm very straightforward, right?
Samuel C: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah.
Samuel C: Okay,
Jeremy Lim: Yeah.
Samuel C: that's good to hear. That's good to hear. Okay, look, I think there is immediately, right? Uh two things we can do. So on my side, right, if there are clients that are looking for to do any type of like trading on Binance using Steve as collateral, let's not exclude funding rate for now as well.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah,
Samuel C: Um we can do the pitch together. Uh on the other hand,
Jeremy Lim: shut
Samuel C: if for your clients, what we can do is to educate them on the use cases of the right and maybe we can start with
Jeremy Lim: up.
Samuel C: uh like me doing a sharing session with your guys just getting up to them up to speed on what what's the use cases of Steve and then from there we pull out you know certain case
 
 
00:18:02
 
Jeremy Lim: Sure.
Samuel C: studies of clients and then we we figure out like a solution set for them then that they can immediately apply to to uh the the next sales pitch for
Jeremy Lim: Actually,
Samuel C: example
Jeremy Lim: are you you already is says listed on Binance? It is, right? Uh,
Samuel C: is it no uh but
Jeremy Lim: looks like it.
Samuel C: okay on Binance is one thing but whether it's being is uh enabled as collateral trading collateral is
Jeremy Lim: No,
Samuel C: another thing
Jeremy Lim: because if you if you have Binance, uh if if you are if you're listed on Binance,
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: you can just use Mir X and just find more use cases.
Samuel C: Oh,
Jeremy Lim: Yeah, that's that's what I'm saying. So, if it's listed on Binance already,
Samuel C: okay.
Jeremy Lim: which I think it is, then technically they can just use Mir X and do spot, then they can do arbitrage trading.
Samuel C: Okay. Okay. Okay. Wait. Hold on.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah.
 
 
00:18:57
 
Samuel C: Hurry. Let me just check.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah. So, I just Googled it.
Samuel C: Okay. So,
Jeremy Lim: Sorry.
Samuel C: so uh I don't think on bias. If it's just I think I'll be very
Jeremy Lim: Sorry.
Samuel C: happy.
Jeremy Lim: Because I put I put Seth on Binance and then they show me that. Or maybe you are.
Samuel C: Wait, let me let me try the app.
Jeremy Lim: I don't. Oh, actually I got app. So, hold on.
Samuel C: Yeah, let's let's just look at it.
Jeremy Lim: Oh, yeah. So, anyway, uh moving forward, you'll be speaking to me. I think it's to put it easier. If you want anything to do with Safu, just just reach out to me.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: Uh,
Samuel C: Okay. You know, I've been trying to reach out to in our good chat for the longest time.
Jeremy Lim: okay. Oh,
Samuel C: Nobody replied me.
Jeremy Lim: is that s***? I don't even think I'm in the group
 
 
00:19:40
 
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. We have Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: chat.
Samuel C: I don't think you are not I don't think you are. I mean um and that's why I reached out to you on LinkedIn. I was like there must be someone new that took
Jeremy Lim: Yeah, this my this this my TG.
Samuel C: over.
Jeremy Lim: Okay. Okay. It's not it's not it's on the wallet only I think if I'm correct.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: So Binance wallet that means you'll be yeah it's not it's not in the exchange.
Samuel C: It's on the wallet, correct? Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: Yeah.
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: So then reserve uh but yeah so if you have any clients that wants to use it as collateral but I probably have to have a large enough
Samuel C: Sure.
Jeremy Lim: sum to go to Binance and ask them to recognize the collateral to be very honest.
Samuel C: Do do you do you have a do you have a raw size?
Jeremy Lim: Uh not really but I think 5 10 million will not cut it.
 
 
00:20:19
 
Jeremy Lim: Uh but of course depends on the client.
Samuel C: Okay.
Jeremy Lim: If the client has high trading volume, then I guess Binance wouldn't really care.
Samuel C: Oh.
Jeremy Lim: It's right because all exchanges care about uh trading volume. Uh but yeah, I mean we can if you we can definitely take this forward and see how you want to do it.
Samuel C: Sure.
Jeremy Lim: if you have any clients or that we can uh I can try to arrange a quick call if you want to speak to my sales team uh just to share Lido or I mean just in case they have any questions and at the same time
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: maybe can keep it a short one so that they know that if they have any questions they can also find you you know I mean when it comes
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: to Lido
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. Then we we create Yeah.
Jeremy Lim: yeah Telegram I can create a chat with the
Samuel C: We can create like a Do you guys use Slack or or or Telegram? Mainly you can create.
Jeremy Lim: the group just for you to say hi to everyone okay uh hit me up after you have
Samuel C: Okay. Can
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:21:11


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.