Mar 18, 2026
Jackson Blau and Samuel Chong - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Peter Gaffney: Hey Samuel,
Samuel C: Peter,
Peter Gaffney: how you doing?
Samuel C: great. How are you?
Peter Gaffney: Good, man. All good.
Samuel C: Good. What time is it for you? It looks pretty
Peter Gaffney: It is Yeah, it's it's I'm in Miami,
Samuel C: dark.
Peter Gaffney: so usually it's sunny, but it's u it's 9:30 a.m. It's a It's just a It's a cold day.
Samuel C: Enemy
Peter Gaffney: Yeah. Hopefully that's a little better.
Samuel C: one.
Peter Gaffney: Hey, Jackson.
Jackson Blau: Hey, Peter. Oh, sorry. Sam, I don't know what's going on with your mic. It sounds really scratchy. Peter, you can hear me. All right.
Peter Gaffney: Yeah. Yeah, I
Jackson Blau: Right. Okay. I can hear you.
Peter Gaffney: can.
Jackson Blau: All right.
Samuel C: How about now?
Peter Gaffney: Oh, much better.
Jackson Blau: That's perfect.
Samuel C: Better.
Peter Gaffney: Yeah.
Jackson Blau: Much better.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jackson Blau: Thank
Samuel C: Awesome. Awesome. Awesome.
 
 
00:01:39
 
Samuel C: Right.
Jackson Blau: you.
Samuel C: Great. Great to see you again, Jackson. Peter, I I I don't recall, but um you were you on the call with us previously as well?
Jackson Blau: Yeah.
Samuel C: You were, right?
Peter Gaffney: Uh, I honestly I think so. I think Yes.
Samuel C: 15 and I was it.
Peter Gaffney: Yes. Yes.
Jackson Blau: Yeah,
Peter Gaffney: We were We were
Jackson Blau: you were.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jackson Blau: Yep.
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah.
Jackson Blau: I got on my notes too.
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah.
Peter Gaffney: Yep.
Samuel C: Awesome.
Jackson Blau: So yeah, appreciate jumping back on.
Samuel C: Cool.
Jackson Blau: Um, it was great to chat before and now with the roll out of the earn product, it seems like uh and where we're at with Invenium Capital. There's probably a lot more we can tangally start to talk about together.
Samuel C: Right.
Jackson Blau: Um,
Samuel C: Right.
Jackson Blau: so yeah, appreciate you making time and would love to kind of hear some more about the earn product and where your guys uh focuses on that to start.
 
 
00:02:27
 
Jackson Blau: um and see if there are ways that we can help
Samuel C: for sure. Great. Uh for sure. So, Lido earn basically are two sets of uh D5 vaults,
Jackson Blau: out.
Samuel C: right? Encapsulating D5 strategies for ETH and USD stable coins basically, right? So, for each vault there are there's something a concept called curator. Think of the think of it as a D5 fund manager. the equivalent right who decides that's mellow yes for I think for both ETH and the
Jackson Blau: And that's mellow.
Samuel C: USD vault both are mellow right so the curators decide where to allocate capital
Jackson Blau: Yep.
Samuel C: right for the E strategies for example they uh would run a portion of it through a looping strategies I'm not sure if you're familiar with this concept is basically um uh just to recap with uh when you stick ETH usually your ETH is locked there's no liquidity you can't do anything else with it end of story right but with liquid staking uh especially with Lidos's liquid staking you mint SD the liquid staking token and because SD has a very wide and deep network effects across the entire defy industry so which means many protocols many lending and uh borrowing onchain venues they accept SD as very high quality collateral and what that enables you to do is when you after you stick your ETH you get SD you bring SD to these uh venues collaterize it you can borrow more uh tokens in in for example native ETH where you can then stick through Lido again get
 
 
00:03:52
 
Samuel C: more SD ETH and then collaterize it again so it's a loop right and every time the the because the the quality of the collateral is very very high um so the LTV the loan to value ratio each time right is like you know can be like 90%. Yeah the liquidation uh point is maybe like 95%.
Jackson Blau: Yep.
Samuel C: Yeah. So you can loop it many times. You know, I've even seen people looping like 15 times. But of course being a institutionally kind of a directionally focused product. Um Melo doesn't take too much of risk uh in a degen way right. Hence the uh APR is between like five to seven maybe at max 8%. Yeah. It's meant to be a kind of a blue chip uh defy yield product for for the Lido users.
Jackson Blau: I I saw that and so I it was really really interesting and I was starting to look at the specific allocations that they make. Is that something that you guys at Lido have any input on or is that like full I understand like what the role of a curator is and that typically that would be fully on them to pick the assets that are
 
 
00:04:56
 
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jackson Blau: within their strategy. I'm just curious with your guys rel like relationship and them being kind of the flagship vaults.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jackson Blau: Do you guys um have any say over what assets they curate in the vaults or is that fully
Samuel C: for for all uh legal intents and purposes,
Jackson Blau: Mela's decision?
Samuel C: we cannot have a say because it'll be equivalent to us being a fund manager. Yeah.
Jackson Blau: Exactly.
Samuel C: But um Yeah.
Jackson Blau: That that was what I I was thinking.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jackson Blau: Uh we been uh trying to make some outreach to Melo ourselves.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Jackson Blau: Uh looking to connect with their team there because uh we a think we have a lot we can learn from them.
Samuel C: Right.
Jackson Blau: They've done a really great job in the curation space and want to uh learn as much as we can uh from them and also work with them uh potentially co-curate some strategies with Invenium Capital. Um,
Samuel C: Right.
Jackson Blau: and in addition to that, potentially help place some of our assets uh that we're coming to market with through Swarm uh and Rialto uh in some of the existing vaults that fit their strategies right now.
 
 
00:05:55
 
Jackson Blau: Uh and that would only be if their vaults uh strategies fit the assets that we're coming to market with. We're not trying to fit a square peg in a round hole there. But we are coming to market with 10 to 15 institutional grade uh already uh vetted assets uh by some of the top asset managers in the world. And so we do think that there are uh will be some overlap there in terms of their strategies and the assets we're bringing to market. So that'd be really interesting uh to eventually talk with them. We're we're right now tracking down. I believe it's Sophia on their team is who we've really been trying to get in contact with.
Samuel C: Melo. Yeah. Sophia from I see.
Jackson Blau: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
Samuel C: And and could you give me some color on uh the latest developments around Infinium Capital? Is this where you are the fund manager for for LPS and then you decide where to deploy these
Jackson Blau: Yes, exactly.
 
 
00:06:46
 
Jackson Blau: So, Invenium Capital,
Samuel C: funds?
Jackson Blau: we've officially closed on our acquisition of MASA Partners. They're an ADGM based uh asset management firm. Uh their CIO was the XC CIO at Kalpers. Uh GICC,
Samuel C: All right.
Jackson Blau: Golf Investment Company and uh Alaska Permanent, which is one of the only sovereign style funds in the United States uh with the Alaska Alaskan State. Um and so he himself has managed over 700 billion in institutional assets. We have since closed on that acquisition uh to bring him in as the CIO of Invenium Capital. Um additionally in that Miasa acquisition uh we brought in Nibil al-Mascari um who is an UAE native. Uh he and his family have been very embedded in the financial and government communities uh throughout uh the broader UAE but ADGM in particular. Um, and through these relationships, we're able to source uh deals directly from institutional asset managers in the Middle East as well as our sovereign wealth fund relationships that we have out there. So, we're bringing these assets that have already gone through the highest level of due diligence as a lot of the time they're being curated for kings or sovereign families.
 
 
00:07:57
 
Jackson Blau: And we're then bringing these market or these assets to market uh for uh different retail uh or qualified uh institutional investors depending on uh where we see the demand and where our partners see the demand. Uh Peter, I'm not sure if I missed anything there.
Samuel C: Right.
Jackson Blau: Uh but uh so one of the products we're coming to market with
Peter Gaffney: Well,
Jackson Blau: initially
Peter Gaffney: before that, Jackson, so that that's how we source assets, but the company it's the the group itself, we're we're mandate driven. So, we're working with a number of curators. action secures working with a number of lending protocols that are looking for RWA RWA yields and effectively setting up like SMAs specifically for what they want. You know, some are saying we want, you know, 8% portfolio.
Samuel C: Okay.
Peter Gaffney: Some are saying we're we're targeting, let's say, a 5% portfolio blend. You know, we could offer a more liquid portion that's higher yield and we'll help manage that and source those assets and set up like an SMA for their initial, let's say, 20 million TVL that's coming on.
 
 
00:08:57
 
Peter Gaffney: Um, so we're very mandate driven to basically say whatever Melo or Leo is looking for, we want to make sure we're able to offer that specifically for you guys.
Samuel C: Right.
Peter Gaffney: And we could do that because we have access to a broad range of institutionally managed and steward
Samuel C: Right.
Peter Gaffney: assets.
Samuel C: And are you guys raising capital for for this fund or have you guys already raised Oh,
Peter Gaffney: It's not a not not a fund effectively. Um,
Samuel C: it's distribution channel.
Peter Gaffney: yes. So are like so DeFi is we're going like DeFi distribution. We want mandates from DeFi allocators or from curators that we see um or from platforms
Samuel C: right?
Peter Gaffney: in general to say this is what we need. Go find it for us and we'll go find it and make that for them. So it's almost like DeFi is our LPs.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Peter Gaffney: Um not to just say like oh we need to sell it to DeFi sell no we're taking the opposite approach and saying we want to go to DeFi and say you guys are looking for this type of asset or performance or you know portfolio we'll go construct that for you.
 
 
00:09:56
 
Peter Gaffney: So we're we're very mandate driven looking at DeFi as the buy side and that's where we want to make sure we're we're bringing product
Samuel C: I see. I see.
Peter Gaffney: to
Samuel C: And the investment opportunities that you are referring to, they are mainly RWAW.
Peter Gaffney: pure. Yeah. Purely. So it's it's Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Non-liquid crypto. It's it's purely,
Samuel C: Okay.
Peter Gaffney: you know, private credit, real estate, treasuries, private equity, trade finance. It's it's anything offchain that we're going to bring onchain essentially.
Samuel C: Right. and mainly source from the uh the UA UAE
Peter Gaffney: Yeah.
Samuel C: region.
Peter Gaffney: A blend of the UAE region and then just general like institute. Yeah. Yeah. Mainly UAE region, but are, you know, we're global, so we see a lot in the US
Samuel C: I see. I see.
Peter Gaffney: also.
Samuel C: I guess it'll be a kind of like a like a barbell pow. There must be some like treasuries in there to balance out the risk.
 
 
00:10:44
 
Peter Gaffney: Exactly.
Samuel C: Yeah. Yes.
Peter Gaffney: Exactly. And and so like we So I'll be in New York next week,
Samuel C: Yes.
Peter Gaffney: right? We're meeting with a hundred billion dollar ETF manager that we're talking to have they have high yielding super liquid 10 billion dollar ETFs that we say hey this is very liquid we could tokenize these with Swarm which is our platform now um and have this as the liquid component to a lot of our structured products and vaults so that you know you're earning the 11% covered call yield in addition to the 5% treasuries and then it's all liquid and buffered out so exactly Sam you got it farbell strategy on the on the liquidity
Samuel C: Got it. Got it. I think for the light earn side of the conversations, Melo would still be the best uh uh channel for you to explore that direction. Uh on my side uh on the institutional side rather uh for APAC, right? There could be something here because um uh a couple of Japanese players have started exploring the yield bearing Japanese uh stable coin, Japanese yen stable coin uh now and what this means is that the yen USD carry trade will now be moving on chain if that if that becomes possible right so how what my conversation with them have been right is for institutions um to
 
 
00:12:08
 
Samuel C: hold STE right then they they they earn the the base you know staking rewards collaterize it borrow uh the Japanese yen stable coin against it at say like one two% uh interest rate and then you know swap it to USD right they have to hedge it for sure and then go into the long duration uh um public credit for a start like the 10-year treasury bonds kind of uh investments 10 year 20 years right um naturally this can be extended to any other assets on the risk curve once this matures further right this could be something that is immediately uh synergistic not immediately but maybe from from the second half of the year onwards um the Japanese stable coin will be will go live and I think if this goes well there'll be a lot of new liquidity uh coming into both DeFi and RWAS
Peter Gaffney: That's awesome. Um, let's Jackson, let's definitely relay that to Russell and go.
Samuel C: So,
Peter Gaffney: Um,
Samuel C: so I think as as immediate next steps you maybe you can share with me a you know like one pager of the the type of uh exposures that you can provide in terms of your RWA or your tokenized products.
 
 
00:13:25
 
Peter Gaffney: We def yeah we could definitely put together a a brief piece on some of the assets we're looking at initially or the profiles and more info on
Samuel C: Okay. Okay.
Peter Gaffney: on Invenium Capital just so you guys can
Samuel C: For sure. For sure. Yeah, that'll be helpful. Um, what else on the integration side?
Peter Gaffney: Okay.
Samuel C: Is there anything you guys would like to explore or can explore? I know you guys are strictly a data company. Um, actually not not true, right? Because now you're distributing investment products as well.
Peter Gaffney: I know we do a
Samuel C: Would you guys be keen to to to be a distributor of say like like your earn strategies
Peter Gaffney: lot.
Samuel C: directly? They could be like fe sharing arrangements that we could work out as
Peter Gaffney: So we Yeah. So what would that look like?
Samuel C: well.
Peter Gaffney: Um would that basically be including allocations to light
Samuel C: Yes.
Peter Gaffney: earn in our own products?
 
 
00:14:17
 
Samuel C: Exactly.
Peter Gaffney: So we're always Yeah.
Samuel C: Yes.
Peter Gaffney: So I I like it. I think it's not the initial thing we'll do.
Samuel C: Right.
Peter Gaffney: I think it's something we definitely will do as after we get like our first one or two vaults once we get our feet in the really in the market.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Peter Gaffney: We definitely portions.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Peter Gaffney: We know we're going to collab with crypto players and existing curators. So there's definitely we would definitely love to explore um allocating some of your products for you know within some of the stuff that we're
Samuel C: Sounds good. Sounds good.
Peter Gaffney: doing.
Samuel C: Do you guys also um target the traditional finance institutions um uh uh to distribute these products?
Peter Gaffney: We to an extent.
Samuel C: D5 for the cost for
Peter Gaffney: No, no, definitely to an extent. Jackson and I are are are our DeFi team,
Samuel C: now.
Peter Gaffney: but we have a lot of other like traditional guys who will go to like, you know, family offices and and traditional, you know, mid-market banks and asset managers to distribute the products to them and do it onchain.
 
 
00:15:17
 
Peter Gaffney: So, yes,
Samuel C: Right.
Peter Gaffney: it's it's a blend, I would say.
Samuel C: Okay. Okay. In that case, it it will make sense uh for you guys.
Jackson Blau: Hey.
Samuel C: If your go to market is primarily, you know, D5 protocols, then I guess um being a distributor or integrator of light would not
Jackson Blau: What what I think could make sense,
Samuel C: make uh as much
Jackson Blau: Sam,
Samuel C: sense.
Jackson Blau: is we have a majority ownership stake in swarm markets. Uh they have tokenized stocks, bonds, ETFs, um gold, uh and really kind of to that barbell strategy effect that you're talking about. We're going to be leveraging Swarm not just for the public market assets that they have, but to actually come to market with these private market tokenized assets that we're having. And so by integrating Lido um vaults with swarm markets just off the bat um we would be able to essentially right now allow any of your curators to access these
Samuel C: H.
Jackson Blau: public market assets. And as Invenium Capital comes to market with these private market assets, they'd be able to access those as they see fit.
 
 
00:16:19
 
Jackson Blau: Um and so we could potentially look at integrating swarm markets with LIDO's uh vault infrastructure. Um if that would be something you guys are open to.
Samuel C: Is swarm also an exchange or is it just a tokenization engine?
Jackson Blau: So they have their DOTC marketplace which is essentially decentralized uh peer-to-peer trading. So it's not like a uh centralized order book trading but it is uh peer-to-peer trading of these tokenized assets on a secondary
Samuel C: I see. I see.
Jackson Blau: market.
Samuel C: Trying to find an angle here.
Peter Gaffney: Is um is it possible to I don't want to say distribute lido but is there an integration where we could
Samuel C: Um
Peter Gaffney: list lido on swarm Jackson which is probably like vice versa like we could access we can enable access points to lido product through swarm
Jackson Blau: Yeah, we could probably do that. I would think so at
Peter Gaffney: form.
Samuel C: that that'll be an an easy uh a low hanging fruit.
Jackson Blau: least.
Samuel C: What we can also do is but I need to understand how swam works better.
 
 
00:17:17
 
Samuel C: Do you guys uh take collateral and provide margin?
Peter Gaffney: They have a they have an application for that. They do. They do actually. There's like tokenized yield. They have a whole strategy. Swarm has a whole strategy on like tokenized yield and almost like Pendle. they built like an in-house pendle um to like rip you know to take apart yield and be able to trade that separately um and they have their DOTC can double as like a lending facility also. So short answer I would say they enable that but they're not they're not providing liquidity themselves and just the user user
Samuel C: and who is providing liquidity in this case users. Okay.
Peter Gaffney: base.
Samuel C: Okay. So I think there's three angles we can explore then you know listing uh of let's say ST or like Lido earn uh ERC20 tokens on the uh on the swarm uh uh platform. Number two is this um Pendleesque uh splitting of the yield and principal product is ideal for like ST ETH.
 
 
00:18:17
 
Samuel C: Uh number three would be uh let's explore also um enabling SD as collateral on on on swarm and then oh yeah then and then number four directly uh being an integrator for lido earn and then I can negotiate for a t-sharing arrangement uh depending on the size that you are you guys are able to bring into lido earn. Oh, and and number five is is not an integration uh conversations but um the call it a cobd in Apac for institutions.
Peter Gaffney: BD and AP
Samuel C: Yeah.
Peter Gaffney: pack.
Samuel C: So for the Japanese stable coin issuers right they they they are looking for use cases.
Peter Gaffney: Mhm.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Peter Gaffney: Mhm.
Samuel C: borrowing demand for uh Japanese stable coins because once they solve that then they'll be able to uh offer higher yields to uh the depositors of the Japanese uh yen stable coin.
Peter Gaffney: I like that. That's pretty
Samuel C: Yeah.
Peter Gaffney: solid.
Jackson Blau: That makes a lot of sense to me. I think those are really great uh starting points. And what would be helpful on our end uh you said Samuel or uh is a one pager on kind of the different assets that we're coming to market with.
Samuel C: Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
Jackson Blau: Okay, perfect.
Samuel C: And then you just help me check on those uh four integration um uh uh conversations like the ideas uh and see which one is possible, which ones are possible and which ones we can work on uh in the near term. Yeah. Awesome. All right. Super. All right.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:20:12


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.