Mar 18, 2026
Sam x Constance - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Constance Chen: Hello. Hello. Hello.
Samuel C: constant.
Constance Chen: Hello. Hey.
Samuel C: Hello.
Constance Chen: How are you? Are you back in Singapore?
Samuel C: Yes, I am.
Constance Chen: Cool.
Samuel C: Are you?
Constance Chen: H I'm in. You're wearing
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: Not on purpose. Not on purpose. So sh your eyes. I try to hide it because uh I was doing some hot labor this morning. So I had to wear a comfortable t-shirt.
Constance Chen: Okay. Okay. I'm at downtown Gallery now. I just rented a boarding space.
Samuel C: Okay. Okay. Is it how many people do they have in this co-working
Constance Chen: It's not It's quite big.
Samuel C: space?
Constance Chen: They have like uh they have private office like inside.
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: How many people from Kraken?
Constance Chen: Oh, no. Just me.
Samuel C: This is Are you the only one
Constance Chen: No.
Samuel C: here?
Constance Chen: So actually we have 10 more people in Singapore I think but they are like supporting like finance uh different def different
 
 
00:02:39
 
Samuel C: I see.
Constance Chen: different departments.
Samuel C: I see. So they don't have they don't get to use the cing space.
Constance Chen: No I'm paying for my own
Samuel C: Interesting.
Constance Chen: pocket.
Samuel C: Okay. Okay. I see. They don't give you a budget to to actually how much is it?
Constance Chen: No
Samuel C: I'm just curious because I'm paying like 200 USD per month for mine now.
Constance Chen: I know that's actually quite expensive. 200 plus 250 USD unit.
Samuel C: 200 USD.
Constance Chen: Uh here is over 400 plus sing.
Samuel C: Oh, around the same.
Constance Chen: Yeah like facility I think he'll be better
Samuel C: Around the same.
Constance Chen: right.
Samuel C: No, mine is uh at the super team
Constance Chen: Yeah I know. I know cuz I asked Kim also and she was like well she offered me two option.
Samuel C: coing.
Constance Chen: One is hot desk the other one is dedicated desk.
Samuel C: It's 400 USD. Is it 400 USD? Expensive. Yeah.
 
 
00:03:28
 
Constance Chen: Well,
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: let's
Samuel C: Actually, I think I'm not going to continue because I Yeah, I don't really use it that much because I what I try to avoid right is in the morning traffic.
Constance Chen: see.
Samuel C: So, I won't go in in the morning. I'll go in like after lunch or during during lunchtime and then I'll leave by 4 pm because I want to avoid the the two P hour traffics. So,
Constance Chen: But is Lidle paying for
Samuel C: I would think that uh sort of they they give us like
Constance Chen: that?
Samuel C: a discretionary budget and we can spend it on anything we want. But if I don't spend on this, right, then I can spend on like a $200 a month chat GBT or CL uh premium plan.
Constance Chen: You guys don't have the enterprise um subscription.
Samuel C: We do but I don't want I want to use my own no because claw you know I don't I don't to use
Constance Chen: Oh.
Samuel C: the enterprise subscription to train my open claw because then I so yeah you
 
 
00:04:17
 
Constance Chen: Oh.
Samuel C: don't
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: let
Constance Chen: Okay. Okay. How are you? How's everything
Samuel C: busy you look much uh more energized by the way is you
Constance Chen: already compared with when it's quite
Samuel C: think
Constance Chen: different? It's quite different. Yeah. So,
Samuel C: on
Constance Chen: uh Okay, just an update. Right. So, right now I'm looking uh for uh looking after AP pack but with a focus on regulated markets. Uh so starting with Australia uh then Singapore because Singapore are still applying for license um
Samuel C: right.
Constance Chen: and then maybe Hong Kong, Indonesia, Philippines in the pipeline. Yeah. So my key focus this year will be Australia.
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: I guess for you as well, right? Australia is a very big market for institutional clients.
Samuel C: Uh, yes, but I just haven't had time to to break the grounds there
Constance Chen: Cool. Cool. Cool. Yeah. So so we uh I've been uh working with our local team.
 
 
00:05:08
 
Samuel C: yet.
Constance Chen: So we have like a two two to three people in Australia but they also support other functions. So I've been working with them and chatting with them uh to dig out some data and everything right.
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: So uh I think I can share something with you uh some of the strategies we want to do like for Australia and see how we can collaborate.
Samuel C: Sure.
Constance Chen: So um for our side um we can just talk about institutional uh product wise right now we're pushing custody uh and then in three to five months time we'll launch earn. So currently we have earn but very simple earn but uh in three to five months time we'll have like a full suite of ear product. So like like onchain and everything everything together. So I think maybe product wise I can we can also like um ana integrate with fly if not there
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: already. Yeah. So that's one potential uh area we can collaborate.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: Um and then I think second is also because we are targeting uh like fund managers and also SMSF.
 
 
00:06:11
 
Samuel C: Yep.
Constance Chen: Um so we'll be doing a lot of events like um big ones and smaller ones. Big ones there are there are few like tier one um institutional focused um events that uh our team our senior management they're going to fly there and then they're going to give a speech like something like that. uh but then uh we will have side events and also we will need to uh work with some partners like you
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: guys or advisory firms to do uh smaller scale uh seminars so
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: like educational session so that's also on our list uh right now I'm trying to secure vendor for us like um to take care of the logistic and everything so I we can also partner on that front so
Samuel C: Yeah,
Constance Chen: both product and marketing this one will be more marketing focused yeah um yeah okay so I
Samuel C: I agree. Yeah.
Constance Chen: guess this uh what I've been doing for Australia and like a short
Samuel C: Okay. Right. Right.
 
 
00:06:59
 
Constance Chen: summary
Samuel C: And your your focus is on institutional growth in in APEC.
Constance Chen: um actually everything so both uh retail and institutional and also
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: like um centralized um exchange and also defy side as well so actually everything but um my strategy is actually to really leverage and like I I want to really penetrate into the institutional market because I feel like that's really undermonetized right
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: Yeah,
Samuel C: As as you mean Kraken as a whole or just in this region?
Constance Chen: industry I feel for Australia because uh we have a principle like a guy who's our principal. So we actually bought over his company. His company has a license in Australia and we bought over his company and it became part of Kraken, right? It became Kraken Australia. So I had a chat with him. he's like super OG and uh he keeps emphasizing to me that um Australia um is a huge market for institutional but then none of the exchanges have um actually penetrate into that market and he actually have a full list of the uh things that
 
 
00:08:02
 
Samuel C: Yep.
Constance Chen: he he want to do and then people he want to reach out to uh so I think he's quite experienced on that front and uh and I think that's that's why he also uh want to
Samuel C: H
Constance Chen: allocate like 100% of his um energy and resources into institution. So I guess that signals that there's a huge market there um that we can potentially you know
Samuel C: Sorry,
Constance Chen: unlock this
Samuel C: this guy is uh you acquired him. Oh,
Constance Chen: guy. You mean his current role or what?
Samuel C: yeah. You're saying this principal he just joined
Constance Chen: Yeah. So he's No, no, no,
Samuel C: uh Kraken.
Constance Chen: no, no. He's like an OG. So Kraken has been around in Austria for a very long
Samuel C: Uh okay. Okay. Okay. Got it.
Constance Chen: time.
Samuel C: Got it. Okay. Uh yeah I I think on the product side right there have been some conversations happening already on um I believe on the related to earn and also the listing side.
 
 
00:09:02
 
Samuel C: So um that should already be underway. Uh there might be some concerns around I think Kraken has its own um Ethereum yield product was it that that is outside of Lido. So that there might be some blockers there but I think it's getting ironed out uh between the European teams for now. Uh I think what we can focus on right is the go to market angles right so collaboration
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: events um if there's any like like cool be opportunities you want to do together uh that be useful as well. Okay.
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: So, um have you guys already met with better xb bet x?
Constance Chen: No, not yet.
Samuel C: Uh I think they will be a good one to meet because they they behind them is this uh Australian uh wealth management company with when I when I last saw them it was like one billion USD in aum now maybe 1.5 to two billion was like a couple of years ago
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: already. Um so they have like a very good presence on the ground and if you want to target the uh high individuals sovereign wealth funds right I think they could be a good partner to work with of course then we have to find an angle that makes sense for them um the product I I'm not sure whether we can use them in any way because they are they provide infrastructure or tooling for exchanges and this yeah yeah so then and they have this Australian stable coin as well so the only angle I can find figure
 
 
00:10:23
 
Constance Chen: as
Samuel C: out is this Australian stable bank if we can fit it into the earn product or some other ways uh maybe don't have to fit into the same product but we do an event together that'll be that'll be interesting but sorry go ahead correct
Constance Chen: So they they do they do a lot of things. They they are well reading
Samuel C: so the wrong sorry the wealth management fund is the uh one of their
Constance Chen: for
Samuel C: investors call it that way yeah or like the the the
Constance Chen: Oh.
Samuel C: the first backer of this uh business is this management fund. Then the infrastructure or tooling for digital assets companies uh or or maybe we should say infrastructure and tooling for traditional banks and credit five players to offer digital asset products. So they into a lot of family offices,
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: funds, um uh banks etc.
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: So these are the guys that we want to go after as well.
Constance Chen: Okay. Okay. Can we can explore something uh with them?
 
 
00:11:29
 
Constance Chen: Uh I also spoke with uh Bowman.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: Have you heard of them? Bowman Wealth Management Group in uh in Australia. Okay. So Okay.
Samuel C: No.
Constance Chen: So um I guess in like Singapore and Australia there are few very big like Chinese backed uh wealth management firm. So I think Bowman is is one of them but um they're based in Australia.
Samuel C: Mhm.
Constance Chen: They are trying to open an office in Singapore very soon.
Samuel C: I see.
Constance Chen: Uh so so for Bowman and his ecosystem I think they are super keen to explore investment into crypto but they are not they have zero knowledge about crypto.
Samuel C: Right.
Constance Chen: So they're very keen to learn. Actually the CEO I've talked with the CEO this you know he attended a lot of classes like he went to HU and all
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: that right those those classes uh so he he said that it would be great if can do like a educational session for he and his maybe friend.
 
 
00:12:23
 
Samuel C: Sure. Sure. Sure. Yeah.
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: There's something simple that we can start with, right? Um,
Constance Chen: Yeah. So,
Samuel C: when do you want to do this?
Constance Chen: ASAP.
Samuel C: In person or just online before
Constance Chen: Uh,
Samuel C: start
Constance Chen: I think if we can do in person that would be great because we have people there in Australia. Do Do you guys have anyone in Australia?
Samuel C: I'll have to go there, I guess.
Constance Chen: Maybe then we can go
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: together.
Samuel C: We should go together. Um, do we want to do it during one of the major conferences? Then we we we just batch everything together.
Constance Chen: Ken,
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. And and we we line up like a couple of these.
Constance Chen: Ken.
Samuel C: So I have some targets as well that I want to reach out to. Uh and then you know if we have like maybe five in a week, we can work towards
 
 
00:13:13
 
Constance Chen: Yeah. Yeah,
Samuel C: that.
Constance Chen: I'm looking at some events right now. Right. Uh, let me just share my screen.
Samuel C: Sure. Were you at policy week?
Constance Chen: No, I wasn't there.
Samuel C: holiday in
Constance Chen: Uh okay.
Samuel C: Japan.
Constance Chen: So um these two has uh how about these two these three?
Samuel C: Wait, when is it?
Constance Chen: Uh I think it should be end of the year. We need to find something like that's happening
Samuel C: Yeah. No, it doesn't matter.
Constance Chen: soon.
Samuel C: We don't have to go during a conference. As long as we we line up the meetings, all the workshops, and then we make a trip down. I think that helps.
Constance Chen: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. That sounds good.
Samuel C: Yeah. And what the in terms of the side events um are you just wanted to understand the
Constance Chen: Um
Samuel C: scale of it that you're thinking about is it something smaller like a more low fidelity budget or something more grand.
 
 
00:14:10
 
Constance Chen: uh so for the site event right uh it might be retail facing because we are thinking of doing a side event for Australia crypto convention because that event is like token for Australia right?
Samuel C: I see
Constance Chen: Um so maybe 100 to 200 people.
Samuel C: right.
Constance Chen: Yeah,
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: definitely not not like those private session for institutional
Samuel C: Okay. Okay.
Constance Chen: clients.
Samuel C: I I can definitely sound out on the overall marketing team side whether they'll be keen to do something like that in Australia.
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: But uh if it's a more institutional event then it's easier for me to push like institutional focus events.
Constance Chen: Uh yeah, I think I agree.
Samuel C: If you have that
Constance Chen: I think our part is also on the instite.
Samuel C: Yeah,
Constance Chen: the the event is still TBC.
Samuel C: I see. I see. Okay. So, in ST type events,
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: are you thinking about like more like a private dinner like a round table kind of format?
 
 
00:14:59
 
Constance Chen: Uh it can be just like sharing session doesn't have to be a private dinner.
Samuel C: Ah,
Constance Chen: Uh more academic you know so we can save some budget but we can also do private dinner.
Samuel C: okay.
Constance Chen: I I feel like private dinner is works better for K's not necessarily like um
Samuel C: Ready?
Constance Chen: inc clients. Yeah. Because they they don't want to go out you know after working hours.
Samuel C: Huh? I see. I see.
Constance Chen: Yeah, I feel like being more
Samuel C: Okay. But do you think it's the ROI is good?
Constance Chen: professional.
Samuel C: I'm not sure actually because um usually the non-decision makers are there. The decision makers usually are
Constance Chen: No,
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: I was thinking to actually invite CEOs like the founders.
Samuel C: How would they would they turn up?
Constance Chen: I think so because my contact is CEOs.
Samuel C: Oh, sorry. You mean of the tread fire guys, right? Or the funds family offices that Okay.
 
 
00:15:49
 
Constance Chen: Yeah. Yeah. Correct. Correct.
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: But we haven't really planning that.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: So I think it can also get us some information from my site.
Samuel C: Sure. Sure. Yeah. Let's try Let's try it. If it if it works well, then yeah, that could be the base strategy in Australia. I think in in like the uh in Asia, I think it doesn't work that well.
Constance Chen: Maybe
Samuel C: Hence why I thought like the private dinners could work better.
Constance Chen: Singapore we can do Dana. Okay. Because Singapore I also want to get in touch with uh Arc Investment.
Samuel C: Yeah,
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: the
Constance Chen: So there uh by Noah.
Samuel C: which
Constance Chen: So they are the Singapore arm of Noah.
Samuel C: is Noah again. Sorry.
Constance Chen: Noah Noah is the biggest uh wealth uh management company for global Chinese overseas Chinese.
Samuel C: Ah, okay.
Constance Chen: Yeah.
 
 
00:16:40
 
Constance Chen: So they are like super rich and their claim is super aggressive and they have a actually they are the biggest in in China for for Chinese. So ARC is their Singapore arm. Um I used to work with them like when I was still at OKX but the the deal didn't go through because they want to uh use more they want to access to more products which our Singapore entity couldn't really offer.
Samuel C: Right.
Constance Chen: So it um come to an conclusion but I I can uh reach out again uh is
Samuel C: Right.
Constance Chen: there. So I also want to like uh do something with as well.
Samuel C: So I think for Singapore high networks and family offices right they I feel like the appetite is more for something more uh not not so directly uh not so direct if you know what I mean like your previous idea of like a whiskey tasting this kind of events right I think it's very good for the Singapore uh uh high net
Constance Chen: Yeah, I feel like if we are inviting those uh like in like people individual themselves then those private uh dinner or whiskey tasting should be fine but I feel like
 
 
00:17:44
 
Samuel C: Yeah. Right.
Constance Chen: these kind of CEO right because they are very result driven so they store partnership with
Samuel C: Right. Right.
Constance Chen: us for example like referral program right so want they want to discuss those commercial terms with us. So, I feel like with these people,
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: maybe they don't want to like dine and and drink, you know, they just want to get to the
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Constance Chen: deal.
Samuel C: Makes sense. Makes sense. It makes sense. Okay. Let's uh let's explore
Constance Chen: Can can can Okay.
Samuel C: both.
Constance Chen: Uh I think I'll reach out to both right and then see how we can start and
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: then I think better so I'll reach out to both Bowman and uh Ark and then your side you can uh reach out
Samuel C: Okay.
Constance Chen: to your contact as well and see how we can uh put up a list together for events
Samuel C: Yes. Yes.
 
 
00:18:32
 
Samuel C: So,
Constance Chen: and
Samuel C: so this to to be clear this not just for Australia, right? Just AP pack as a whole.
Constance Chen: Yeah. Yeah. Correct. But I feel like Australia and Singapore is the and maybe Hong Kong.
Samuel C: The two biggest. Okay. Yeah. Hong Kong.
Constance Chen: Yeah,
Samuel C: Who who are you already connected to in Hong Kong?
Constance Chen: Hong Kong. Actually, not yet. I haven't really started looking at Hong Kong right
Samuel C: Uh I can give you some names to start uh reaching out to.
Constance Chen: now.
Samuel C: Uh SNZ definitely SNZ Capital. uh one of the earliest backers of uh ETH in China. Uh many of the uh large ETH holders, the institution, Hashki, uh all that, right? It's they're either their their SNZ is either the LPS or they all look up to SNZ's uh for direction.
Constance Chen: SN SNZ
Samuel C: SNZ SNZ capital
Constance Chen: capital. How can I find it? Hong Kong.
 
 
00:19:32
 
Samuel C: Let me say let me say anything. The next time we make a trip to Hong Kong, we should definitely uh should definitely introduce you. Um, in the meantime, let me just drop them a a text to also reach out to you because they they they want to uh basically grow the Ethereum community
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: and ecosystem in in Hong Kong. So if there's anything Kraken can do on the front right very keen to explore let me
Constance Chen: Cool. Um I'm also thinking like for example uh you want to do events together in Australia.
Samuel C: see
Constance Chen: What's the angle for us to like present Kraken and Lido?
Samuel C: so very soon I think we'll have an official integration then that the angle will be clearer in the
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: meantime I think we just do like Uh
Constance Chen: Do you know what's the timeline uh on a
Samuel C: yes honestly I don't know whether I can tell you or not.
Constance Chen: product?
Samuel C: So the you know is Sammy Sammy the head of custody business.
 
 
00:20:37
 
Samuel C: So um the head of institutional uh relations from Naido is now ironing things up with semi on on Yeah.
Constance Chen: head of
Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. On on either the earn or the listing site.
Constance Chen: property.
Samuel C: uh because apparently the Kraken site feels that there might be some can cannibalization happening with the existing products uh which uh the listing team does not think so. So um I feel like that there could be a a very easy solution here which is to for Kraken to oh I remember Kraken runs their own validators their own hardware and the infrastructure right so the solution here will be for Kraken to run SD vaults to use Lido
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: SD vaults on top of their infrastructure so that they can still uh be the infrastructure provider to the uh the ES stick users but now they on top of that they have the option to leverage on uh SD's network effects and liquidity which could be used to fulfill redemption requests rapidly for their users or to enhance yield through across the D5 ecosystem which ties in very well with the track and earn strategy as well.
 
 
00:21:46
 
Samuel C: So I feel that there might be a a mismatch of uh understanding here which
Constance Chen: What?
Samuel C: um I don't know I don't know maybe you can have me check as well the status on uh the the Kraken and Lido integration on the product
Constance Chen: Okay.
Samuel C: side why
Constance Chen: Okay. S A N M I E M M Y
Samuel C: MMY yeah
Constance Chen: Hughes. No,
Samuel C: maybe uh semi
Constance Chen: no, no, no, no, no. He's an engineer.
Samuel C: Kraken, head of custody. I Let me get his name. Let me get his name. Uh and
Constance Chen: I guess I've been talking with a guy who's also our new head of custody,
Samuel C: um
Constance Chen: but his name is Jack.
Samuel C: Oh, okay.
Constance Chen: Yeah. So, I'm not sure if I can involve him in a conversation to expedite expedite things if that
Samuel C: Oh no no no no no not not uh we don't have to involve him directly but just uh you know if you can nudge him along that'll be
 
 
00:22:39
 
Constance Chen: help.
Samuel C: that'll be helpful or you just just get some intel like what what's uh what's their main the
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: true concern um and if it's uh if they have not heard of ST Vaults then they definitely should look into it because it will address a lot of the uh current supposed concerns.
Constance Chen: Okay. Okay.
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: But last your heart is not uh soft yet.
Samuel C: Um I think it's it was like 99% and then someone came in and said, "Wait, no." Yeah.
Constance Chen: Oh
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: s***.
Samuel C: So, um but I think uh Keen is going to meet up with the the guy that is blocking it this week. So hopefully it'll be solved soon. Yeah, they're New York.
Constance Chen: Okay. Okay.
Samuel C: Sure.
Constance Chen: Maybe you can let me know the name then I can help expedite it internally.
Samuel C: Let me get it from uh from Ke.
Constance Chen: Okay. Can can because I can touch
Samuel C: Okay. Sure.
 
 
00:23:42
 
Samuel C: Sure. Yeah. In the meantime,
Constance Chen: them.
Samuel C: we we go ahead and you know um compile our kit list and we figure out a strategy to target
Constance Chen: Yeah.
Samuel C: them.
Constance Chen: I think on my side um because both Bowman and Arc they're like a connector so I want to like serve them well first right so maybe for this event I want to invite them and then they can invite whoever's interested in their ecosystem so uh I think from our
Samuel C: Sure.
Constance Chen: side I'll I'll get some like topics that are interested in to explore um and then we can discuss more in detail woman moment
Samuel C: Sorry. Who is this first uh target that you think? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Constance Chen: So Bowman uh Australia and then uh Ark for
Samuel C: Yeah. Sure. Sure.
Constance Chen: Singapore.
Samuel C: Okay. Um I think when when do you want to play tennis? We you should kind of meet the family office guys as well.
 
 
00:24:37
 
Constance Chen: Oh my god,
Samuel C: Yeah.
Constance Chen: I really cannot.
Samuel C: Yeah, it's super packed.
Constance Chen: No,
Samuel C: Is it recently?
Constance Chen: I mean like I cannot play tennis. Like
Samuel C: That's that's where you start getting exposed to it and then maybe you want to take lessons. It's really No,
Constance Chen: is that embarrassing?
Samuel C: everyone's there. Don't worry. Yeah. Yeah. So, we have to take lessons on if you want to progress further.
Constance Chen: Okay. Okay. Can can what time do you guys play
Samuel C: Uh it depends.
Constance Chen: usually?
Samuel C: Usually, it's uh evening like 7 after 7.
Constance Chen: Okay. Okay. Can Can I can join?
Samuel C: Okay. Yeah. Uh Singaporean. Okay. Right. Pull Chinese. Oh, so we have to do the uh content in Chinese. Oh, okay. Okay. Good. That's good. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Constance.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:25:48


This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.