
Cherry Yim and Samuel Chong - Transcript
00:00:00
 Samuel C: Hello, Cherry. Hello. Can you hear me?Cherry Yim: Yep, I can.Samuel C: Hey. Hello. Hello.Cherry Yim: How was your skiing trip?Samuel C: Sorry. How's the skiing trip?Cherry Yim: How was your skiingSamuel C: Amazing. Amazing. Amazing.Cherry Yim: trip?Samuel C: Yeah. Have you been Have you gone skiing in Japan before?Cherry Yim: Not Japan. Um, but I've done it in in Europe with mySamuel C: Europe. Oh,Cherry Yim: husband.Samuel C: nice. Nice. Japan is awesome. I haven't done it in Europe to be honest, so I don't have a benchmark.Cherry Yim: But you just uh you had a a long holiday or you just cameSamuel C: Yeah, pretty long.Cherry Yim: back.Samuel C: I think two weeks after Japan Fintech week, went to Kamakura.Cherry Yim: Oh,Samuel C: Yeah. And then went to uh snowboarding first for four days,Cherry Yim: nice.Samuel C: then did a road trip um back to Tokyo.Cherry Yim: Oh,  
00:00:58
 Samuel C: on the way.Cherry Yim: wow.Samuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: Nice.Samuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: Nice.Samuel C: Yeah. Nice. This uh Yeah. I usually do this once a year.Cherry Yim: That's good. And now you're back in aSamuel C: Man, the grind. Oh,Cherry Yim: grind.Samuel C: actually, it's a bit too long of a break. I was getting restless already by the end of the trip.Cherry Yim: You're like, "Oh,Samuel C: I think Yeah.Cherry Yim: there's so many things I have to followSamuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: up.Samuel C: I think I'm building up uh my girlfriend to be okay with a a full snowboarding trip. Right now he has the the balance is like four days snowboarding, seven or eight days of sightseeing. Next year it will be five days snowboarding and then seven days of sightseeing.Cherry Yim: That's good. You know, you have to like layer it up, you know, slowly by slowly.Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  
00:01:41
 Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: Cool. How's things on yourCherry Yim: I mean, from outside,Samuel C: sideCherry Yim: it's good. We just um announced the coin shares partnerships. Um so,Samuel C: toCherry Yim: yeah. So they're gonna Yeah.Samuel C: real?Cherry Yim: So they're going to be the I would say very first um bluechipfiSamuel C: Congrats.Cherry Yim: I'm going to be using our stack to build the the very first launching faults. So so that's pretty big.Samuel C: Nice. Nice.Cherry Yim: Um and obviously the team is like fully laser focused on that New York um next week. So going to be meeting with a lot of like LPs like funds or like you know exchanges anyone that's kind of like looking into this space.Samuel C: Right.Cherry Yim: Um and yeah so so I guess like you know good time for us.Samuel C: Right.Cherry Yim: Obviously market is still kind of my but you know it'sSamuel C: Right.Cherry Yim: okay.Samuel C: And you are in charge of uh doing BD for real net as well.  
00:02:40
 Samuel C: Right.Cherry Yim: Yeah like you know uh sales go to market pretty much like everything.Samuel C: Oh, nice. Nice. And and maybe let's cover realet first.Cherry Yim: themSamuel C: I'm just very curious about this. Is this a a chain by itself or is this a how how do I think about it?Cherry Yim: if you think of it as like a protocol like MO. So essentially it's just like um infrastructure like a programmable stackSamuel C: Okay.Cherry Yim: that allow anyone um but I'll say mainly asset managers or creators to um structure their own onchain financing or like yoSamuel C: AndCherry Yim: solutions um so that's like our role is just like really infrastructure um and the goal is to really make like financing like programmable and onchain rightSamuel C: okay,Cherry Yim: SoSamuel C: so it is uh something like a D5 vault infrastructure. Correct. Um,Cherry Yim: correct.Samuel C: it does not compete with Moro because you guys won't deal with the lendingCherry Yim: Correct. Yeah. We're not we're not like um we're not managing the asset.  
00:03:39
 Samuel C: market.Cherry Yim: We're not you know uh the one sort of underwriting you know the boring and lending. Um it's just like an infrastructure where you know if you let's say tomorrow Lido is going to like create a faults you're just going to use our tag to make your life easier because there's a lot of like configurable or programmable features that you can like stack it up verySamuel C: I see.Cherry Yim: easily.Samuel C: And uh are you guys also the curators or would it beCherry Yim: No no yeah that would be like you know stick house or like coin shares orSamuel C: also?Cherry Yim: like you know centur those guys.Samuel C: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah.Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: I was just curious whether you guys would now be competing with Centura Monarch whom you guys have uh started working with.Cherry Yim: No, no, no, no. We we we we won't be doing that. Yeah. Because we rather leave the creation apart to you know the the fund managers, the experts.  
00:04:39
 Samuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: The and outsource the risk to them, right?Cherry Yim: Correct. Correct.Samuel C: Yeah. So,Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: Real Net is focused on the regulatory and compliance features for these uh these large transfer institutions. Is that the right way to think about it?Cherry Yim: Yeah. And also like um yeah, it's more like geared towards like regulated entities. Um and also the main thing is we don't want to just have a stack that tailored for like DeFi markets which is like very you know synchronous. We also want to have a stack that allow them to include like RWAS um which is like a running on like a asynchronous flow right so um our stack allow them to be able to unify the two um to build products um so I think that's the main differentiator between us and mobile because mobile is very focused on like you know onchain and defy um but yeah we we also include like offchain orwa set asSamuel C: Right. And uh I I guess from the announcement that I shared, I was trying to understand that part a bit better because the the the diagramraph that was u referenced in the the press release only referenced uh onchain strategies like Athena, Pendle, a moro.  
00:05:59
 Samuel C: So I was curious about how the offchain part the offchain settlement part right is friction from that is is smoothedCherry Yim: Yeah,Samuel C: outCherry Yim: that is I for the very first phase uh people going to do the the easier faults first which is you know the fully on chain one and then maybe the second phase we're going to be you know lookingSamuel C: All right.Cherry Yim: into um as well yeah having LWAS yeahSamuel C: AllCherry Yim: as part of the strategy um but I would say these are still pretty much in I would say like ongoingSamuel C: right.Cherry Yim: discussion with the different um asset managers on how they would wanted to do it um but I think from from our end is just to make sure that our infrastructure could allow them to include them in the future if they wantedSamuel C: Okay. when that is available are you able to share more information with me um uh I'll keep thisCherry Yim: to.Samuel C: in mind for the institutions I'm speaking to as well um because increasingly what I'm seeing is these um um DAT companies for example they are pivoting away from a pure EV strategy uh and it is quite timely because now they want to involve the use of D5 vaults that can manage the logic of both onchain and RWS and potentially offchain components as well.  
00:07:19
 Samuel C: So yeah.Cherry Yim: interesting.Samuel C: Yeah. So um forCherry Yim: So basically what what what what so this DAT they wanted toSamuel C: exampleCherry Yim: now uh deploy the capital to what what's the goal here isSamuel C: Yeah. Okay. Let me tell you the problem with DAT is today.Cherry Yim: toSamuel C: You either number one be the best at fundraising of which Bit mine is the the king. No one can can beat Tom Lee at this game.Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: Number two is you find ways to differentiate ourselves via uh the ability to generate riskadjusted returns, right? And one way to stand out from the crowd is moving away from ETH itself.Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: Obviously, there's the other um way you can do this, which is to um uh via liquid staking, you know, and go go into DeFi, enhance your yield there. The other way is to diversify your portfolio mix away from just ETH so that you have moreCherry Yim: It won'tSamuel C: options. Uh some of them, you know, they they trade their their their balance sheet uh as like a prop fund.  
00:08:23
 Samuel C: Uh some of them they explore, you know, putting like RWAS into the mix.Cherry Yim: Okay.Samuel C: Um one other one way is like maybe you know now now there's a JPY stable coin coming up right they can move the yen USD carry on chain something like this yeah so they they are looking for ways to differentiate themselves in in this uh direction and so um even quantum solutions would be potentially applicable able for this real net use case. Hence,Cherry Yim: Interesting.Samuel C: I wanted to to share something with them to kind of uh see where their head space is at umCherry Yim: How would this sort of benefit Lido in this case?Samuel C: because their EF is still part of the strategy. So, they would still use SD vaults and then they mint SD from the uh from the SDCherry Yim: Right.Samuel C: vaults, right? And then this SD can be plugged into the real net vault.Cherry Yim: Right. Okay. Okay. So you basically using as a collateral to do  
00:09:29
 Samuel C: Correct.Cherry Yim: something.Samuel C: Uh to do something. Yes. So what I wanted to understand is for the real Net D5 vault,Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: right? Can you manage like both onchain and RWA sorry ETH and RWA strategies uh concurrently inCherry Yim: Mhm.Samuel C: the same vault?Cherry Yim: Yeah. We can Yeah,Samuel C: Is is it but is that the clean way to do it or would it beCherry Yim: that's the goal. Yeah.Samuel C: two different realet vaults?Cherry Yim: It would be one fault. everything would be just like within a fault. Um but obviously how would that work?Samuel C: Okay.Cherry Yim: um will then comes down to for instance I don't know like the the DAT to the portfolio manager to think about you know what's the strategy right because um they have to then doSamuel C: Okay.Cherry Yim: the financing find them like find the alpha or like structure it themselves like for us it's just that you know if if there's liquidity if there's a way if there's a collateral our infrastructure could abstract everything into a fault level but then they will have to be the one that coming up with the strategy behind  
00:10:34
 Samuel C: Oh, they work with a curator to do it.Cherry Yim: or yeah they work with a creator to do it. Yeah,Samuel C: Oh,Cherry Yim: they could I don't know if they have good relationship with I don't know let's say Santo for instance um Santo is like willing to like do something for them then we can you know workSamuel C: yeah.Cherry Yim: on like a trip party stuffSamuel C: Got it. So,Cherry Yim: rightSamuel C: Centura also has their own vault infra.Cherry Yim: yeah they do they do yeah theySamuel C: Is that okay?Cherry Yim: doSamuel C: I understood understood. I understood.Cherry Yim: the is also our launch partner one of our launch partner because um theSamuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: current um sort of like fault infrastructure they're using uh is not uh I would say catered towards our WA use case. I think that's one of the main thing why they interested to work with us. Um so so yeah I mean if you if you see this like interest from the DATN if they if they keen to understand how could this work we could have a trip party call together like just discovery to understand what they thinking how is this possible because uh it would be easier for me just to bring in my product team so that they can share their nuggets and and see how could this work for all of us.  
00:11:50
 Samuel C: Sounds good. Sounds good.Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: Um, yeah, sounds good, man. Um the other topic is on uh BitBank and GMO coin. Um what do you think uh of this sentiments?Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: Do you think they'll be able to move towards uh liquid staking in the first halfCherry Yim: Yeah, man. I have brought it up to every single one of them.Samuel C: ofCherry Yim: I spoke with Crypto Garage yesterday as well about this and uh for SBI um and Bitbank is that I think right now they're still not able to hold this on their balanceSamuel C: it?Cherry Yim: sheet um from a regulation perspective. I thinkSamuel C: Sorry. SBI or bit GMO coin.Cherry Yim: uh SBI SBI fees GMO GMO we have a catch up with them but thenSamuel C: Okay.Cherry Yim: um from what I if if this is the like the application for SBI it would be the same for GMO or for other license exchange as wellSamuel C: Sorry. I I actually heard about this um um from uh someone else as well.  
00:12:48
 Cherry Yim: Um,Samuel C: Uh but I'm not sure whether SBI actually understands the the requirements from the regulators. Could you maybe I I I get some inputs from you, right? What what is the regulators uh concerned about? What's the main concern?Cherry Yim: the main concern is I think they are not allowed to hold on the balance sheet yet. either either they have to submit it to get approval from the reg because in in Japan, right? Like um in order for you to list it or hold it, you have to basically submit and get approval from the regulators. And then the response that I get from the SVI guys is that um right now they are not allowed to hold this based on um the regulator.Samuel C: the whole SDCherry Yim: Yeah. SC. Yeah. Are you hearing something different from me?Samuel C: What I heard is from is on the KYC AML concerns. So umCherry Yim: That could be the blockers. So why as well? But um yeah, the basically yeah,  
00:13:56
 Samuel C: yeahCherry Yim: the liquid sticking. Yeah, not Yeah, basic I'm just reading the reply again. is not allowed yet for for customers toSamuel C: ah for customers I understand but for the exchange themselves it could be aCherry Yim: for the exchange it could be but then like if if they cannot offer it to the users ISamuel C: Uh there is still valueCherry Yim: guess unless they they want to hold it on the balance sheet for operation you know that that I willSamuel C: here.Cherry Yim: understand as well.Samuel C: Ah so so not only that but um what this will enable them toCherry Yim: Um,Samuel C: do right is to um allow quicker withdrawals for their users. So between the exchange and the users right it's a normal you know staking uh feature right but right now when they want to withdraw when users want to withdraw there's two ways numberCherry Yim: let's do this.Samuel C: one is you let users wait 10 days at least before they get the e backCherry Yim: AllSamuel C: on their on their accounts to trade so the UX is definitely not as great here as opposed to instant withdrawals number two is the exchange will uh facilitate instant withdrawals up to a certain amount using their own balance sheet assets which is also not ideal because they need now  
00:15:13
 Samuel C: need to hold like idle ETH on their balance sheet.Cherry Yim: right.Samuel C: So what SD vaults could unlock for them is they could offer a better user experience to their users via minting ST right and then processing a withdrawal of the uh SD vault assets back to um to to cover the uh liability of minting SD and then um they now can offer the users like close to instant withdrawals and they can pass the uh the spread fees for example back to the users uh and they don't have to use their own balance sheet assets to to underwrite that risk.Cherry Yim: Okay.Samuel C: So I'm thinking this could be the angle because the wellCherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: JFSA approval on the instit what institutions do with their uh balance sheet assets could be easier than uhCherry Yim: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think if if they're just on their own balance sheet,Samuel C: thisCherry Yim: it would definitely be easy. So, I was also speaking with like um for instance, yesterday I spoke with Crypto Garage, right?  
00:16:13
 Cherry Yim: Like you know this explaining basically what you just explained to me on maybe the operationSamuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: liquidity um aspect. Um but then for them like um I think withdrawal isSamuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: not something they worry so much rather it's the entry queue the the entry queue the yeah the liquidity there.Samuel C: There.Cherry Yim: So they're thinking oh if if this could also make that liquid that would be great but then you know it doesn't work right. So, uh, but yeah, we are constantly trying to put this in front with the Japanese exchange. But I think with them, it's just that, you know,Samuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: probably the, as you said, probably the first time they don't really fully understand the use case yet. So, we have to keep just like going back to them and explaining um,Samuel C: Yeah. Yeah.Cherry Yim: and we have like regular cadence with them. Um, it's just that, you know, right now Haruki is on paternity leave. I think when he's back um he could also like explain in Cantonese which might be better because right now we're using English which sometimes I don't know they actually understand what I'm trying to say.  
00:17:19
 Samuel C: I seeCherry Yim: Um yeah yeah yeah.Samuel C: it.Cherry Yim: So I think maybe when he's back next week um you know we we will also bring up to them again on this because we also wanted to win back more Ethereum that were unst beforeSamuel C: Yes.Cherry Yim: right um so it is definitely on our one of the sort of like ourSamuel C: Yes.Cherry Yim: priority agenda to bring it up to them.Samuel C: Yeah. Agreed. Agreed. Um,Cherry Yim: Yeah,Samuel C: have you have you already made progressive coin check asCherry Yim: check contract. No,Samuel C: well?Cherry Yim: but then they said they wanted to chat maybe like April um because that's when the new year start, the financial yearSamuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: start.Samuel C: because block payment is who they using. Oh my god, I don't know whether I can share this. They're using block tonment for a ton of you know.Cherry Yim: Yeah, we know we know that. We know that. Yeah,  
00:18:05
 Samuel C: Yeah,Cherry Yim: we've we've been speaking with them.Samuel C: my blog is not using SD vaults.Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: Um and it seems they are open to uh switching if needed. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Cherry Yim: Okay.Samuel C: So if um I guess you guys are are in the lead for all these conversations because at least that's Haruki who can communicate in Japanese.Cherry Yim: GotSamuel C: So um let's also work on the the coin check uh uh dealCherry Yim: it.Samuel C: together. Um and yeah continue engaging them you know if there is a need to I don't know man maybe I can do a session with you guys first on on how we would uh like an objection handling kind of a process and then Haruki can take that uh meeting with them again in Japanese.Cherry Yim: Yeah. Yeah. Um I think that would be good.Samuel C: Yeah.Cherry Yim: I think when he's back next week,Samuel C: Awesome.Cherry Yim: we can do like a call again and then because I think he also needs to get up to speed to what this is about.  
00:19:02
 Cherry Yim: Um and then we can bring it bring it in front of basically everyone we work with inSamuel C: Yep. Got it.Cherry Yim: Japan.Samuel C: And uh Crypto Garage, right? I had an impression they were a c custodian. Do they have um uh discretion over how to use the assets?Cherry Yim: Uh yeah, they're custodians. So right now, one of the biggest customers is GMO coin, which is which is also one of our um our largest client exch uh in in Japan that do Eve staking. Um so they don't really have any discretion. Obviously, you know, the clients sort of tell them what it's similar to big go like, you know, they authorize them to maybe move the asset or stake the asset.Samuel C: Yeah, understand. Understand.Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: And you guys are already serving GMO coin uh on native staking. Got it.Cherry Yim: Yeah.Samuel C: Okay. For all of their assets or are they do they have toCherry Yim: I don't think they I don't think they're sticking everything with us um just based on the risk  
00:19:57
 Samuel C: keepCherry Yim: management approach but they stick they stick quite a lot with us. YeahSamuel C: roughly how much more in percentage do you think you could unlock if uh we move them to SD box?Cherry Yim: I don't I don't know man like um yeah I don't know at this point. Yeah. But then I remember in in Japan when Haruki met with Saiasan, the the sticking PC that we have, she she's interested, but then like this is an account that you really need to speak Japanese. UmSamuel C: I understand. I understand. Yeah. Okay. Okay.Cherry Yim: yeah.Samuel C: Uh yeah, great. Great catching up with you. Okay. um for realet once you have more information on the uh how the RWA components and the offchain parts are settled um uh share it with me and then uh I will reach out to some of these DAT companies in the meantime to see their Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. Then let's uh catch up again when Hurricane is back next week. Awesome. Awesome. Cherry.  
Transcription ended after 00:21:14

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

